TIL in 2002, while returning to the US, the USS John C. Stennis aircraft carrier stopped in Australia, where the sailors wore out the local sex workers 	to the point the brothel had to close down temporarily.

TIL that the season 6 blu-ray of Dexter had an unskippable trailer that spoiled that season's finale.

TIL in 1888 a pigeon-fancier and a beekeeper challenged each others creatures to a 3.5 mile organized race in Germany. The bee won by 25 seconds.

TIL Isaac Newton was obese as a kid

TIL the Fibonacci Sequence was described by an Indian mathematician ~1200 years before Fibonacci wrote of it

TIL that in 2002, a Chinese publisher released an unauthorized sequel to the Harry Potter series, consisting of the text of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Hobbit, but with most names changed to those of Harry Potter characters

TIL Russian voters used to have a box on their ballots to vote for "against all".

TIL China has the highest number of koalas per capita than any other country

TIL on the Thai version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?", a contestant's screen was fed the presenter's information, with every correct answer. The contestant won the million, however it was later revoked and she was able to play again, winning only 25,000 baht (US$800~)

TIL a man walked 7 years straight, from the tip of South America to the northern coast of Alaska, a journey totaling 19,019 miles, a record for the longest continuous walk in human history.

TIL when asked if recent criticisms were a factor in his retirement from the Star Wars franchise, George Lucas replied "Why would I make any more, ... when everybody yells at you all the time and says what a terrible person you are?"

TIL giraffes are very short

TIL that a study published in the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy found no correlation between rates of gun ownership and rates of murder and suicide while in some regions, high rates of gun ownership negatively correlated with violent crime.

TIL that pickled ginger may be traditionally served with sushi due to its antiseptic and anti-nausea properties, which help counteract the consequences of eating spoiled food.

TIL in the Netherlands heroin addicts are given free heroin at clinics three times a day. Some addicts complain that the government makes being an addict too easy for an individual, but overall heroin addiction has decreased.

TIL that in 1944, 4 million Indians died because of an artificial famine created by the British government.

TIL the popular game Candy Crush exploits mechanisms of addiction in the same way some recreational drugs and gambling do

TIL the US was one vote away from introducing hippos in its swamps

TIL sushi is actually made from noodles crushed up to look like rice

TIL that George Clooney was asked to play himself in a sketch for the Movie 43 (the gag was that Clooney is bad at picking up women), and Clooney replied "No fucking way."

TIL in their 45 years playing, the San Diego Padres are the only team in Major League Baseball to have never pitched a no-hitter.

TIL in Arab Algeria, Women make up 70% of Algeria’s lawyers and 60% of its judges. Women dominate medicine. Increasingly, women contribute more to household income than men. 60% of university students are women.

TIL that Walgreen's the nations largest Pharmacy chain, was overcharging the government for Medicare/Medicaid prescriptions for years. Only when a pharmacist decided to report it to the authorities under the "false claims act" created by Abraham Lincoln to protect those who reported war profiteers.
